As for us, guess whether this woman is yours.
What are you still talking about?
Give me this year's male guest who knows the highest steps
What did you do to me?
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, what are the facts about?
Will I go to this step? Will I be fired at this step?
A daughter like you who is too ignorant to be a good parent.
I can see that you have come to this point.
You kill people just for you and you want to fire me
You also have who are you, your boss?
Let's fix Xiaomei Xiaomei
daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter
I asked Meng Yuezhi
Don't move once I tell you
I might be the owner of a club
Who is Xiaowu?
Who doesn't know
But it is the place of God
Do you think you are a member of God’s family?
But the family of God
Then I am Shenshi
Director of the consortium